# hello-world
This is the GitHub tutorial example
My first Github experience! The snapshot feature in branches is really interesting how it uses the code as is at the particular time taken. 
This is something I can defintley use for work purposes and I am excited to use it at work, school, and or at home. Recently I have been challenged by a friend of mine to create an app and see who has the best app at the end of the competition. The time table for this competion is not concrete but it should be done around mid September. Currently working as an intern for one of the top 10 tech companies in the world. Today I can tell you that I need to work on creating technical documents in a timely manner. 
This will be extremely useful in my work activities and will look great on my resume. This will also help me understand the current problems in a clear picture so I can then understand the problem fully. Once I understand the problem I can create an organized solution. 
I look forward to earning an A in Into to C this Fall semester as well as my other 3 classes. Earning more credits quickly so I can get into a career as soon as possible can be done by taking classes at Valencia. This instituition is all about creating classes that work with working people schedules. 
One other thing I need to work on is my typing speed. I use typing games online to help me fasten my pace. I will try and put an hour or two in typing practice everyday. This will benifit how I use a computer and I looking forward to continue to better myself using a computer in my career objectives. 
